1) linspace x=(-100,100,101) gives whole numbers for x, if x=(-100,100,100) is used you get decimals and don't
   get 0 in your signal. 
2) For the given correl func, evaluate correl func at the given x - this is your input signal.
   --- Ensure input signal is symmetric about the middle element (odd number of elements)/ middle 2 elements 
       (even number of elements) of your vector. 
3) Do fft for input signal with symmetry summation, ie. go from -N to N with N being (input vector length/2 -0.5)
   ------- N is assigned in this manner because we require a 2*N+0.5(given input vector length) length array containing elements
   picked equidistant from 0. We need [-N:N] to contain elements equidistant and symmetric from zero because
   we require a symmetric real output from the fft.
4) With the output from the fft, we generate a complex number set which is conjugate symmetric and with first
   element real
5) We use the conjugate symmetric set and perform an ifft on it to get the required realisation y (if ifft is
   done on a conjugate symmetric plus first element zero set, we get real numbers as output) which we need.
6) Each output is a column vector which is stored as columns of a 2d array with each column representing
   a separate realisation.
7) For each realisation, we comupte covariance matrix and store these matrices in a 3d array with the 
   third dimension corresponding to different realisations
8) We take average of generated random realisation vectors which is the average realisation
9) We take the diagonals of the covariance matrix as each diagonal represents a particular distance b/w the
   elements of the random realisation vector. We sum the elements of each diagonal and divide by number of 
   elements in the diagonal to get the correlation coefficients corresponding to each distance b/w the pixels.
   ---- this means that we are taking the different values of covariances for each distance and getting their
        mean and then plotting mean covariance for a given distance and not mean correlation for a given 
        distance.

10) What we have done here is average covariance (for a given distance - spdiags) versus distance  plot. It is not
   actually correl coeffs vs distance 
        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changing interval discretisation linspace[-100,100,101]
 
1) putting in more points - fluctuation around zero becomes stronger. Above 800 points, due to fine dscretisation
   output of ifft has some small insignificant residual complex values which should be ignored
2) putting in less points - entire curve fluctuates and doesnt closely represent given covariance function
3) At small number of points, fluctuation for even number of points is more around zero compared to odd 
   numbered points as zero is not included in the points for even number of points 


